What's Donald Trump's favorite sushi roll? my life is falling apart just fucking upvote me


My girlfriend said if this gets 1,000 upvotes, she will try anal. That's her decision.
Why doesn't Jesus like Christian rock music? Because it fucking sucks
Why did the chicken cross the road? (Punchline is different) Different
Donald Trump is president of the USA. 
I have a bed, but do not sleep. I have a mouth, but do not eat. What am I? Tired and hungry
How many ants does it take to fill an apartment? Tenants.
What was the president's name in 1985? Donald Trump.
What do you call a cross between a Toyota and a Honda? A cross. Some priest must have dropped it
[removed] Should’ve read the description better
My friend said to me “what rhymes with orange” I said “no, it doesn’t.”
12 secrets McDonald's employees won't tell you Well they didn't tell me either
What starts with an F and ends in uck. No, what starts with a w and ends in hat.
How do you fight off three home intruders with nothing but a TV remote? Please respond quickly.
What do "lesbians" and "donuts" have in common? They're both plural nouns.
I just found out my wife is cheating on me... so i strangled her
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Getting raped by a giant scorpion.
Donald Trump is president of the U.S.A. 
What is a 4 letter word that can commonly be found at the start of questions 
What starts with an F and ends with uck? Fingerfuck
what is a word and starts with w that's correct
How does a computer science major pick up chicks? Oh shit I thought this was google
Why I am not Voting Trump in 2020 Because I’m Australian
Nobody: 
April Fools 
What's the worst possible thing a redditor could do? Reply to his own post.
Set your wireless password to 244466666 So that I'll know your wireless password.
How do you remove a penis from a wine bottle? Thanks in advance.
When I drink alcohol, people call me an alcoholic They're right. I need to get help. 
What’s worse than jokes about the holocaust? The holocaust
What is the government’s best kept secret? Idk.
What's green, fuzzy, and if it fell from a tree would kill you? Pool table
An antijoke was arguing with his drunk wife. "You're a JOKE," she shouted.

"No I'm not."
whats the quickest way to a mans heart? a scalpel and a chest seperator
[NSFW] A cracked safety hat.
What do you call the day before Easter? Saturday
A bartender walks into a bar because he works there.
Why are the two lesbians vegan? They don’t like using animal-products  
What do you call a naked man walking on the moon? Dead
Why wouldn't you find my father in a gay bar? Because he's in prison.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got into the batmobile? Robin get in the batmobile.
I'm not like most teenagers I'm 45
What did the silenced pistol say to the other silenced pistol 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Someone else's cheese.
Whats costlier than a diamond? 2 diamonds
Guess who doesn't want to become a milionare A billionaire
You know what makes me smile? Face muscles.
A farmer walks into a gay bar He realises it’s not the bar he meant to go to, and promptly leaves.
What's worse than having a boner during a class presentation? Testicular Cancer
TIFU by posting to the wrong subreddit 
What did the Jew say when he entered the bank? I am now in the bank.
I got my wife pregnant 8 months ago Shes still pregnant
Why was Bill not able to find his book? He lost his book.
What did one Russian man say to the other? I don't know. I don't speak Russian.
A kid runs into a bar He falls over and cries, but man that was a funny video
There's a reason they call me Isaac ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) It's my name.
Why did little timmy fall off his bike? Someone threw a fridge at him.
I like my coffee how I like my coffee Coffee
What do you call a joke with no punchline? 
Why doesn't Hitler like going to gay bars? Because he's dead
What starts with "I" and ends with "want to murder my family."? I don't want to murder my family.
You’re going to die. 
I took a dump truck to a landfill. I work for a construction company and I'm just doing my job. 
What did a Chinese man say to an English man? 早上好。你是英国人吗？你会说中文吗？
What’s yellow and is something you shouldn’t drink? A school bus 

Edit: ty for the silver :)
What did the farmer say when he couldn't find his tractor? "Where's my tractor?"
What's the difference between Hitler and a rabbit? Hitler preferred mass murder to carrots.
Anti jokes are the greatest of all jokes, Here’s why why
What's orange and bad for your rectum? A traffic cone.
A man walks into a bar My life is a fucking mess just upvote this 
What’s a word that starts with “f” and ends with “uck”? Fuck
Why can't u write "fuck" in Braille? Because you probably don't know Braille.
The real joke is in the comments. Not here. The real joke is in the real comments.
What did Will Smith say after he burnt his tongue? Fuck!
What's icy and bad for your teeth? A comet.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? The reason we should stop dumping toxic waste into rivers
My cat wanted to talk, so she came into my room and said “Meow”
Knock Knock... “Who’s there?”

“Steve?”

“Who’s Steve?”

“Shit wrong door. Sorry.”

“No problem.”
Rearrange "a human", and you will get... Arrested for torture.
What happens when you watch Winnie the Pooh in China? [removed]
An Irish man walks out of a bar. 
I hate jokes I fucking hate them
Why can't Beethoven piss in the dark? Because he's dead
Whats the best antijoke of all time? Not this one.
Why did Sally fall off the swing? I shot her
My dad isn't very good at telling dad jokes. That's because he's dead.
Villain: You and I aren’t so different They are both pronouns
If the opposite of PRO is CON, then the opposite of progress is regress.
What do you get when you mix a teenager and a gun? Probably a dead teenager as guns aren’t organs
My girlfriend bought me small condoms for my small penis
Me: Why are you such a pussy?! Cat: Meow
To the disabled man who stole my camo jacket Please give it back
What starts with F and end with UCK FUCK
What's black and has 2 legs? 1/15^(th)   of a centipede.
You know what the toughest part about being a gay, black police officer is? The discrimination.
A man walks into a bar His crippling alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart
What starts with "C" and ends with "unt" Creepy cunt
A priest, a rabbi and an atheist walk into a bar. What a fine example of an integrated community.
Doctor: you got 5 left me: five what?

doc: decades

me: oh good for me
How Do You Make A Plumber Sad? You kill his wife and kids.
What do you call someone who kills all your cereal An asshole
What starts with an F and ends in UCK. No, it doesn't.
What was the rock called as a kid? Dwayne.
What do you call a snake that’s 3.14 meters long? A long fucking snake


From my 4yo: Why can’t a pumpkin ride a bike? Because it doesn’t have any arms or legs.
WARNING 18+ Is the common title for many such clickbait jokes out there. Beware.
Did you hear about the guy who got his left side chopped off? Yeah he fuckin died
i am poor :/
What did the farmer say when he lost his plow? "Where's my plow?"
If you're reading this, you aren't blind 
What is yellow and you die if it hits your ear? A schoolbus.
I’m not like most teenagers I’m 45
why did mary fall off her bike? she was shot down by the police for mass murder.
What do you call it when you have a side chick? Cheating
What do you call a nazi when he’s tying his shoes? A fucking racist.
What did the french man say to the french woman How should I know do I look like I can speak French
Fuck it! I'm just gonna say it It
You know what they say about black guys in bed they are in a bed
Hitler, Stalin and Mao are in a room together It's 2019 and the room stinks like shit
What’s the biggest thing David Bowie and Babe Ruth have in common? They’re both dead.
Whats 2 inches long and disappoints every girl that sees it? My penis... I wish it was longer 
Roses are red, Sally is blue She just got choked out, by a plastic bag
What's black and hangs from a tree? A tire swing
What do you call a black man riding a bicycle? His name you fucking racist
Donald Trump is not my president Because I live in the Netherlands
What starts with T, ends with T, and has T in it? A refrigerator. I lied about the letters.
Sorry if this antijoke crosses the line ~~the line~~
Why can't Sarah write her name in the snow like her brother? Sarah is illiterate.
It's yellow and when you get it in your eye you are dead. A bulldozer
A man walks into subway and orders a joke "Oh fuck, wrong sub" he says and shoots himself
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because birds don't actually urinate.
What rhymes with orange? No it doesn't.
How do you cover up the smell of a dead body? ?
If I have a boy I'll name him Jackson and if I have a daughter I'll name her Sarah
Chuck Norris doesn't need a watch. He can just check his phone when he needs to know the time.
I like my women like i like my coffee Not a cheating whore
I have been sober for 20 years! It's my 21st Birthday tomorrow and I'm ready.
What do you call a black man in space? An astronaut.
What’s the difference between yogurt and America Yogurt is a dairy product but America is a country
You know what’s more dangerous than scissors? A hydrogen bomb
Why does Jimi suffer from crippling depression? Because his last suicide attempt failed. 
Two virgins have sex. They are no longer virgins.
What did the stranger say to the birthday boy? Nothing, they didn't know each other
I know a really easy way to shorten my life expectancy. my life expe
Wanna hear a Dad joke? Cause I don’t.
What’s worse than stepping on a lego? Stepping on a land mine
Is r/AntiJokes even AntiJokes anymore? It is
What starts with "Pe" and ends with "nis"? Penis. 
Where do crayons go on vacation? My ass
Why can't the pope be cremated? Cause he's alive
Why can't dinosaurs clap? Oh shoot, I thought this was r/AskReddit. My bad.
What is black and when it falls from a tree, your stove is busted? your stove
Click here to see an ABSOLUTE UNIT! |1|
What did the fish say when it bumped something? fuck
They say that 88 percent of people can’t do math Luckily I’m a part of the other 12 percent
What do they call antijokes in Soviet Russia? анти шутка
How to do clickbait Just put an NSFW tag on your post.

(More in comments)
The perfect AntiJoke doesn't exi... st.
What has 5 fingers and isn't your hand? My hand
How did the blonde starve to death? She was poor you inconsiderate fuck.
Roses are red, violets are blue... My cat just pissed on the floor.
What's orange, and is quite unhealthy to eat? A traffic cone.
What did Groot say when he saw how fat Thor got? 
I am Groot
My lesbian neighbors gave me a Rolex for my birthday. Sure was nice of them.
What starts with a "p" and ends with a "orn"? >!Porn!<
You know what's better than getting a pair of fancy prosthetic legs for free? Having real legs. 
Why did Timmy cross the road? To suck dick for crack. 
Why did the police man wash his hand with cheese? Because he's stupid
Jokes fucking suck man EDIT: This subreddit was not what I thought it was...
At age 12, Little Johnny was blessed with a nine inch penis He became quite popular with girls.
Why I'm not voting Trump in 2020 I'm 13
A woman steps in front of a bus and dies instantly. 
Karen took the kids to school.
Where do horses go when they get sick? To the HORSEpital...


Nah just kidding they get shot
I’m not good at comedy and look like a whale, who am I? I’m a whale
What do you call a dead hooker A dead hooker
How do you make a clown sad? You murder his fucking wife
I'm in a band called Self-Deprecation. We're brilliant
Roses are dead. Violets are dead. I am a bad gardener.
You can actually drink the ocean water if you're stranded at sea. It will just kill you.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other One: "to the other"
What stopped the depressed boy from committing suicide? The prevention net placed under the bridge.
Why are there no jews on Uranus? The nature of the planet does not sustain human life.
What starts with D and ends with UCK? dfuck
Why was Jimmy crying? Because there was a frog stapled to his forehead.
Did you hear about that nude man that jumped off a building? He didn't survive.
There’s no way I’d ever give my vote to Kanye West I live in Australia
Why doesn't my dictionary have the word "penis"? Because it's not an english dictionary.
What’s a vampire’s favorite food? Nothing, vampires don’t exist.
How many digits are there in pi? I don't know, I'm not a fuckin' nerd.
Why couldn’t the virgin get upvotes on this SubReddit? He wasn’t funny.
Set your WiFi password to 12345678 So when someone asks you can tell them it's 12345678
Why don’t vampires ever go to italian restaurants? Because vampires aren’t real
What were the three lesbians doing in one car? Carpooling because it is good for the environment.
I like my women how I like my coffee... I don't like coffee. I am gay.
Why did the white guy beat up the Mexican? Because he’s a racist fuck.
Mods be like: \[Removed\]
What do you call James Bond when he's in the bath? James Bond.
What's the difference between being on a boat and being in a boat? The preposition.
Trump is not my president. I live in Europe.
What's got a knee, a thigh and a foot but isn't your leg? My leg
Roses are red, violets are blue 
How to make plumber cry? Just break his legs and kill his family
Sure Way to Get to The Front Page. https://www.reddit.com
Have you heard the one about the chicken crossing the road? Oh you have? Ok nevermind
To the fellow who stole my dictionary: Please return it, thanks
How many Jews does it take to change a light bulb? Literally just 1
Today is Friday the 13th, you know what that means? Tomorrow is Saturday the 14th.
There are 7.8 billion people on the earth. Why the fuck are we not stopping?
We need more antijokes like this one. 1
If you give a mouse an energy drink It fucking dies
What does BMW stand for? Bayerische Motoren Werke (Bavarian Motor Works)
Ok, so a Muslim, an Atheist, and a Jew walk into a bar... And they have a really nice time.
My girlfriend got pregnant and the baby came out black. I'm black.
Roses are dead. Violets are dead. I am a bad gardener. 
What do you call a black man on the moon? An astronaut
In 2077, what makes someone a criminal? Commiting crimes.
What did the black dad say to his son? “Hello, son”
You can travel time by clicking this post. you traveled the amount of time for loading this post.
IM GONNA SAY THE N WORD! [removed]
The Mods are asleep. *shhhh* 

They get cranky if they’re woken up. 
Kim Jong Un walks into an operating room He doesn't walk out because he fucking died in there
What has four legs but cannot walk? A paralyzed bear.
What is worse than a meta joke with a common punchline? The holocaust
What did pikachu say when he saw Charizard. “Pikachu”
this is the best april fools joke 
Why isn’t Freddy Mercury “having a good time?” Because he’s dead
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? Because it was dead.
I like my women like i like my coffee without other people's dick in it
Why didn't the melons run away to get married in Vegas? Because they're melons, you dipshit.
There’s no “I” in USSR Or food 
I once had sex with a guy. I forgot his name so I asked “Is it Justin?” He replied “Yes.”
Why can't you hear pterodactyls go to the toilet? :)) Because they're all dead
"Hey gurl, are you from heaven?" Because my mother's dead and i miss her
What did the sociopath say to the kleptomaniac? I'm going to kill you. 
Did you hear the one about the giraffe who learned karate? He looked like a fucking idiot.
Got on a train and discovered everyone was jewish Then I got to Jerusalem
Jesus could walk on water.People are 75% on water.I walked on people therefore i am In Prison
A white man and black man share an anniversary Because they married each other.
What's the difference between USA and USB? One is a country and the other is a hardware standard.
If Abraham Lincoln were alive today, we'd be wondering how'd he live so long
What do you call a transgender woman? Her name.
I drink just a little and I'm happy, I drink too much and it hurts. What am I? Depressed.
my grandma thinks the meaning of AF is as follows 
What is a common word that is often used at the start of questions 
I may not be the sexiest man alive 
A bully at school called my clothes gay Then I sucked his dick
I like my coffee like I like my women. Not having an affair with the mail man, Carol
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? Poorly thrown.
What do you call a skeleton with an erection Skeletons don't have penises
Do you want to know what makes me smile. The muscles in my face.
What did one accountant say to the other accountant? "we have the same job"
Today I asked a Jewish chick for her number. She decided not to after some thought.
What did one French Guy said to another French Guy? My name is also Guy
What do you call a cow in the North Pole? Lost
What's white and bad for your teeth? A piece of white marble.
I finally realised why trees don't have teeth. They don't have mouths.
Amy Schumer 
Hey girl, are you from Tennessee? Because your license plate says Tennessee
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding half a worm? The holocaust
Jared is 19, but why can't he read? He had is eyes gouged out by the Italian mafia.
I once met a 6 foot 8 WOMAN Her name was Jess.
A bear walks into a bar. "The usual, Mr. Grylls?", asked the bartender.
I like my coffee like I like my coffee... Coffee.
Set your wifi password to 2444666668888888 So when someone asks tell them it's 2444666668888888
Hey guys, here's one for you. 1
What's orange and tastes like an orange? An orange.
What do you call a racist person from China? A piece of shit human being. (Don't be racist)
Upvote for visibility. Thanks. 
What is good, but not great? Good.
What starts with e and only has one envelope? Ah shit I ruined it
What do you call 2 black guys, 3 Jews and an Italian floating around in space? Astronauts.
Why did the mushroom go to the party Because it isn't respecting social distancing rules
What's funny about 4 lawyers going off a cliff in a car? Nothing they were my friends.
Yesterday I froze myself to -273.15° I was extremely cold.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the toilet Because they are all dead
My girlfriend doubted I could build a car out of spaghetti. She was right.
Dear /r/AntiJokes, I need your attention for a moment. Thanks
You know what's really odd? Numbers that aren't divisible by two.
Why did the young girl cry herself to sleep? Because she is a heroin addict.
What is worse than losing your virginity at the age of 5? Losing your virginity at the age of 4.
You wanna hear something that will make you smile? Your face muscles
Upvote before reading. Congratulations, you have just joined the US Army. You're going to Iran.
What's white and ruins your lunch? An avalanche.
Yo mama is so short that she uses a step stool to reach the kitchen cabinets
Yo mama so fat We are all extremely worried about her health
Why didn’t my parents wish me a happy birthday yesterday? Because it wasn’t my birthday. 
What starts with W and ends with hat 
What do you call a cow with no legs? Disabled
What did the black lesbian say to the racist cowboy? "Here's your coffee sir, have a great day!"
You read that right 
Want to hear something that’ll make you smile? Your face muscles.
What’s green, red, orange, purple, blue and yellow? Colors.
Why is Elvis Presely the King of rock and roll? because he was very good at rock and roll
What's the hardest part of vegetable to eat? Whichever part is the hardest, usually the root
I'm on a seafood diet I see food and, provided it's a fish, I eat it
I asked Siri why I was still single. She said it's because I don't have a girlfriend.
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor? 
Where's my tractor?
Stalkers ...are fucking weird.
Why can't Ben Shapiro fly a plane? He doesn't have a pilot's license.
I don't often tell dad jokes Because he's very solemn and has no time for humor
My mother died 500 years ago. Who am I? *A dead person.*
What starts with 'Wh' and ends with 'at'. 
Why was 6 afraid of 7? It wasn’t. Numbers don’t have feelings, you dumb dumbs.
What comes after 69? 70

Edit: first post above 1000 thanks y’all 
Why do we dress baby boys in blue and baby girls in pink? Because they can't dress themselves.
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? A pilot you racist fuck!
My wife says I never finish anything I start. You know what I told her? 
What's pink and slippery Pink slippers
What smells like red paint but lookes like blue paint? Blue paint.
What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you? My cheese dude i paid for this get your own.
What is really tight? The strain of the economy on the working class family
What doesn't kill you makes you.... crippled physically or mentally.
Two ants walk into a bar. EDIT: My apologies, I thought I was in r/antjokes.
I didn't kill my wife. 
Teach a man how to fish And he'll know how to fish
How can you tell someone is gay? When they are attracted to people of their own gender
Why did Sally fall off the swing? Because she got shot
How do you grab the attention of a pervert? "Hey pervert, may I have your attention please?"
Doctors hate him! Adolf Hitler.
Donald Trump impression: I am the president of the United States of America.
What did the man say after stepping in shit? Fuck
What’s blue and can’t fly? A lot of things.
Did you hear about the girl who lost her left arm and leg in an accident? Well she's disabled now
What happens when you try to breed a dog and a cat? You get charged with animal abuse. Don't do it.
What do you call a witch who only eats sand? Malnourished.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the middle of the ocean? Disabled
What would Bob Saget's name be if he were gay? Bob Saget.
My girlfriend broke up with me so I stole her wheel chair She reported it and I got arrested.
Did you hear about the man who lost his left arm and left leg? He's pretty upset about it.
What starts with "banana" and ends with "opolis"? Bananaopolis
ATM Machine. Remove the M. ATM achine.
What's a spiderweb good for? Spiders
Stop posting "Why I am leaving this sub" posts already Or else I'll leave this sub
A blonde, brunette and a red head are all on an airplane. The plane is going to St. Louis.
Why is Helen Keller such a terrible driver? She’s dead
What do they call the coronavirus in China? 新冠病毒
What do you call an antijoke with no answer? 
What starts with an “f” and ends with “uck”? fuck
To whoever wished for 2020 to be a horrible year Don't you fucking dare to do it again
A Mexican, a Jew, a black man, a midget and a priest walk into a bar. To get drunk.
Wanna hear something 18+ ? 19
What do you call someone who’s got one arm, an eyepatch, and has sex with children? A pedophile
What organ won't sell on the black market? Your appendix.
I'm going to try one of these Anti-Jokes The punchline will go here, supposedly.
A blonde girl eats a corn. Because she wanted corn.
Anti-jokes are like laundry baskets...  They aren't jokes. 
Son: “Hi dad, I’m hungry” Dad: “Do you want lunch or something?”
So I went on /r/AntiJokes today... as you can see
Why was 6 afraid of 7 Because jail changes people
A dyslexic man walks into a bar. He has a good time.
My friend said to me that I cannot make an Anti-joke I can't.
What’s worse than stepping on a Lego? Stepping on a landmine
I haven’t bathed in years. I only take showers.
You read that wrong. Haha psych!! You actually read it correctly.
You can't spell dad without a 
Well, to be Frank... I'd need to legally change my name.
If Matt is short for Matthew, then rat is short for Rat. Just rat.
What kind of tree grows in your hand? A very small one
"Why is there a fly in my soup?" "Because we're a shitty restaurant."
What do you call a good black man? By his fucking name.
a man can feel, taste, smell, and hear, but he cant see. what is he? blind
Dermatologists hate him... because he's a dick. 
My father fell off the toilet and died The funeral will be next week
I used to be attracted to 14 years old girls You know... When I was 14. Duh
What do you say when someone throws a clock at you? Why did you throw a clock at me?!
How is hurricane Florence like my wife? They have the same first name. 
Spent the whole day trying to think of a good anti joke Couldn’t think of one sorry 
If you rearrange the letters in POSTMEN you get TEN MOPS....


or STOPMEN...


What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing.
What do Mexicans eat when it's cold outside. Soup, because it's a perfect winter meal.
You know what really gets on my nerves? Cerebrospinal fluid.
What do you get if you jump into the red sea? Wet.
What did the cat with scoliosis say Meow
Killing someone is murder. Killing your family is murder. Killing your friends is still murder.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Disabled. That cow is disabled.
What do you say when a joke ends on a cliffhanger? 
A Caucasian and an Asian walk into a bar.. They get some drinks.
What do you call a gay black man? By his name
What do you call a turtle without a shell? Dead.
What do all Karen’s have in common? Their name is Karen.
To the guy who hacked my facebook account Can I have it back please?
Don't click this. It's a waste of time. See?

A man walks into a bar and sneezes. Nothing else happens as this took place in 2018.
What goes up the mountain with 4 legs and goes down with 2? A serial killer
I see London, i see France I have a great view of Europe from this airplane.
Dark humor is like kids in Africa Kids in africa are black
The other day I broke my foot. It hurt
Ask me if I’m a truck. 
What’s blue, brown, red, green, purple, yellow, and pink? colors
Who ever invented the knock knock joke Is a genius.
What's white and hard for women to swallow? A volleyball
Why wasn't the redditor's Anti-Joke funny? Because it wasn't an Anti-Joke; it was just a fact.
What's the difference between Hotel and Motel M and H
I went trainspotting once.  It was really easy, they are absolutely massive & make loads of noise.
When I gave my dad his 50th birthday card, he said Thanks
My girlfriend says if this gets 1000 upvotes, she'll try anal. I lied, I don't have a girlfriend.
If you are used to being disappointed Then you are in the right place
You can't spell slaughter without Literacy.
How can you tell when a joke is gonna be a dad joke? When it's in/r/dadjokes 
Doctor said I only have 24 hours to live Guess I'll die tomorrow ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs sitting on his front porch? his name
My dad is addicted to narcotics. He can't see how much his addiction is tearing our family apart.
Hey guys, check this one out. 1
redditors be like hey i'm using reddit
How many lightbulbs does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 1
What has five fingers but isn't your hand My hand
What time was it when Jerry blew his brains out? 3:07 PM CDT
I've only got 3 words to say to you I lied 
How to ruin a date? Multiply it by 9. Example: today is March 270, 18180
What did the brown duck said to the white duck ? Quack
How can you tell if someone is Christian? If they have a name tag that says Christian
Roses are dead.. Violets are dead.. I’m a bad gardener 
Yo momma is so skinny, She should seek therapy because anorexia is a serious illness.
What should you never call an African American man? nigger
A girl tells her parents she’s pregnant The baby shower is in may
You can pick your nose and you can pick your friends… But you can't rob a bank. That's a felony.
Why was 1,981,256,346 afraid of 1,981,256,347? Because 1,981,256,347 1,981,256,348 1,981,256,349.
What do you call giving birth to an autistic kid? Labour
You know what really makes me smile? Facial muscles
Is buttcheeks one word... or two?
You know how the old saying goes... ...so I dont have to tell you.
What do you call a person with no arms or legs on the floor An ambulance 
My alcoholic dad is no longer an alcoholic He died
Do vegans swallow? Yes, it is impossible to eat any type of food without swallowing.
What's the difference between a coma and a comma? Firstly, the spelling.
A jew, a Muslim and a Christian walks into a bar They all had a great night
What's going down? W


H


A





T



'



















S
Wanna hear a joke? Yeah, me too
Nobody: Literally no one:
How many horses does it take to change a lightbulb? Asking for a friend.
What do you call a Muslim on a plane? A passenger.
I finally found out why clickbait titles are so effective 
Why did the homeless man sleep outside? He didn’t have a home.
I gently slid her panties to the side... ...in order to access her genitals.
fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff why did you even click on this
Why did Hitler cross the road? I have no fucking idea
Who shaves 20x a day? A barber
There was once a boy named Johnny 
What do you call a cucumber that’s 95% water? A cucumber.
What’s the best way to break the ice? Global Warming
Ahmed walks into Abbar..... 
Casinos hate when you do this, but technically it's not cheating! Stabbing someone in the casino.
I would tell you a pizza joke But it's not very good.
Where did Hitler keep his armies Poland
Click here to see a funny anti joke a funny anti joke
What's on the other side of the moon? More moon 
What's worse than hitting a kid with your car? Hitting two kids with your car
My girlfriend said that if I let her sleep with another man then she'll do anal. I said, "no."
How is a laser beam similar to a goldfish?  Neither one can whistle.
What did Johnny say after he died? 
Why did the boat sink? A kamikaze pilot flew into it, thus sinking the ship.
I wish this was a joke. If jokes are meant to be funny, why was I born?
this sub in a nutshell 
What did the child with airpods say to the one without as they met? Hello
Did you hear the one about the nice redditor? Me neither
There really are two Americas North America and South America
I don't like to brag but Yeah I don't like to brag.
I've got a really good joke this sub would like. 
Sticks and stones may break my bones I have osteoporosis
Which country has the loosest regulations on incest? Oh shit this isn't google
TO BE FRANK, I'd have to drive all the way down to city hall and get my name changed.
What did my friend say when I told him I play badminton? "Oh."
What's yellow and is something you shouldn't drink? a school bus
I'm on a new diet to help me lose weight. It's a seafood diet I eat only seafood
What does a homeless man get during christmas? Hypothermia
Wanna hear a joke? Go to r/jokes
What happened when someone told an unfunny joke? Nobody laughed and it was awkward.
Do you know what really grinds my gears? My inability to operate a stick shift
What kind of chameleon can't change colour? A dead one.
I've been waiting a year to post this Finally
It's white and if it falls out of a tree your fridge will break Your fridge
What do you get when you mix an Apple laptop with cheese? A broken laptop
Alright fellow redditors: If I'm not back in 5 minutes, ...

...

just wait longer.
What do you get when you spell woman backwards? Namow
A horse runs into a bar. He bleeds to death.
The only thing worse than an unfinished antijoke, Is a lie
Harry Potter walks into a bar Just kidding, Harry Potter doesn't exist.
I just experienced the time of my life. Now I’m dead.
What's the difference between a bear and a college student? Bears don't go to college.
What did Harry Potter‘s best friend say when he was mistaken for Tony Stark? That’s not me.
What’s black, white and red all over? The panda I skinned
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl in the restroom? Because they went extinct millions of years ago.
What's worse than losing your virginity? Losing The Game.
What do you call a joke without a punchline? 
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor? Where’s my tractor?
Why don’t whales flush when they use the toilet? Because they don’t use toilets
My doctor diagnosed me with testicular cancer yesterday, I'm really sad about it.
If they make a movie about Michael Jackson’s life, it would be categorized as a Documentary 
What do you call someone who's a Dick to everyone he knows? Richard
Why did the dinosaur say "hello" to the little girl? He was being polite. 
Joe Biden is NOT my president That’s because I am not American
How would Hitler pronounce "9999"? Neuntausendneunhundertneunundneunzig
A man came home from work to find another man in his bed "Hey, honey! I'm home."
What's the difference between 69 and 6.9? 62.1.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple? Calling an African American man a "nigger".
What kind of men are from the sea? Pirates.
How many blondes do it take to change a light bulb? One.
I don’t know why people joke about 9/11 Its really fucked up
Why was Hitlers gas bill so low? Because dictators don't pay gas bills
WARNING: NSFW You should quit your job.
My friend died because we didn’t know his blood type. Tbh I still don’t know.
The floor is... the lower surface of a room, on which one may walk.
You‘ll never guess what my step-sister just said. Really could’ve been anything.
What’s the difference between camels with two humps and those with one hump? The number of humps.
What’s Hitler’s favorite number? The answer is most likely lost to history and we will never know
What did the Pikachu say to the Raichu? Pikachu
What's red, and you don't want it to fall on you? Firetruck
Why did 7 eat 9? Because 6 weren't enough, and they only came in packs of 3.
What did the fish say when he swam into a concrete wall? "Fuck"
What starts with an f and ends with uck? Fuck
You should set your Wifi password to 2444666668888888 Because then I’ll know your Wifi password
What do you call two heterosexual men who enjoy kissing each other? Gay
A gay man, a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar What a fine example of an integrated community.
Erectile disfunction support group has been cancelled Nobody could attend
Yeah I drink brake fluid I'm not proud of my addiction. I need some serious help.
What was the pirate’s favorite letter of the alphabet? He was illiterate.
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm The holocaust
This girl invited me to her house saying nobody was home I got there and no one was home
I asked a German girl if she wanted to have sex with me just one time She told me to fuck off
What starts with a b and ends in eans Beans
Why did the shortest boy in class always fail his tests? Because he was fucking stupid
What do you call 50 cent in Zimbabwe? 50 cent because the official language of Zimbabwe is English
Whats long, hard and full of seamen? A penis.

Edit-Whoops, looks like I misspelled 'semen'.
Whats the similarity between Germans and Chinese? They are humans.
(Courtesy of my 5 year old) How did the dog get on the roof? He climbed a ladder.
Why can’t Michael Jackson have children over at his house anymore? Because he’s dead.
Why did the girl forget her bikini? (Punchline is not what you think)  Not what you think
What starts with f and ends in uck? No it doesn’t
Found out I'm allergic to pubic hair. Luckily I can't get my face near my pubes.
There’s no “i” in team. There’s also no “h”
THIS IS NOT A JOKE 
Why was 6 afraid of 9? It wasn't.  Numbers don't have emotions.
What begins with "f" and ends with "uck". Incorrect, what begins with "w" and ends with "hat".
What did the Hungarian say before he went to bed? I'm going to bed, but he said it in Hungarian.
What do the directions North and South both have in common? Neither one is a toothbrush
What starts with w and ends with hat 
Why do black people love fried chicken? Because raw chicken tastes awful
What do straight dudes, gay dudes, and bi dudes have in common? They’re dudes.
Spiderman movie spoiler Spiderman defeats the bad guys
What Did Pikachu Say When Ash Was Murdered By Team Rocket Pikachu.
I ate a clock It tasted absolutely horrible
I'm gonna rewrite history History 
I just failed No Nut November I masturbated to orgasm
What came first, me or my wife? Me.
I like my coffee like I like my women I don’t like coffee and I’m gay
Why was Jack the Ripper late for his doctor’s appointment? Traffic.
What do you call a man with one leg? Please, I am learning English and would like to know.
How do you call this aerodynamic device, usually mounted to the back of the car? 
Why did the women's activist refuse to eat at Five Guys? Because it's too fucking expensive.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? He was a rapist
How do you tell if you have an STD? Oops wrong subreddit.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn’t come back? It doesn’t matter. You probably lost it.
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes? He uses the finest ingredients.
Why do a lot of people like Australians? (Punchline is clever) Clever
Why do scuba divers fall backward out of the boat? I dunno safety or some shit
What’s worse than finding a worm in your Apple? The Russians invading Ukraine.
In French, they have the word 'beau', and I think that's beautiful 
What animal should you never play poker with? Most animals
My ex-wife still misses me... I don't. Leaving her was a good decision.
What’s worse than finding a worm in your Apple? Russia invading Ukraine.
What's big, grey and can't swim? A castle
What begins with “w” and, has 4 letters, and typically asks a question 
What did one Frenchman say to the other Frenchman? No clue, I don’t speak French.
This guy said I use comedy as a defence mechanism. So I punched him.
How do you find the vegan at a party? Say: “Hey!  Is anyone here vegan?”
What did the little boy with no arms get for Christmas? We don't know, he couldn't open it
Donald Duck
Why doesn't the Pope like Christian rock music? Because it fucking sucks.
Why didn't the restaurant serve the black man? He hadn't ordered anything.
My wife told me to stop making sexual innuendos I told her my penis was erect
I tried so hard and got so far But in the end, it doesn’t even have batteries in it.
A detective walks into an occupied bathroom He says “my mistake”, and leaves.
What did the KKK member call the black bus boy? A nigger
Your momma's so fat That it affects her self esteem
What's the difference between 96 and 69? 
27
Why are black people afraid of rhinos? Because it’s a fucking rhino!
What is red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
What do you call a trans woman? Her name. The one she tells you is her name.
