A man walked into a bar… Then it hit him
Why do vampires have to be invited in? Basic manners, really.
What's got two legs and bleeds? Half a dog
Why did the alien eat 20 tacos? He was famished after his long journey from Alpha Centauri.
Where'd I put my phone? I swear I just had it...
Oedipus Rex walks into a bar. The bartender says τι θα θέλατε?

(Happy mother's day, y'all!)
How do you make a grown man vomit diarrhea? Use violence to force him to chug diarrhea.
What is blue and smells like red paint? The sad little kid I poured the red paint on.
Why did the Italian chef put gasoline in the marinara sauce? He was not a very good chef.
How does Jesus make his tea? He doesn’t, he’s dead.
Life is like a chess game I don’t know how to play chess
why did the guy boil the frog in water because he was f*cking nuts
I like my women like I like my coffee Very much
What did the dead man say? 
I like my coffee like I like my women Without another man’s dick in it
I told a tragic story during a party and nobody laughed. It wasn't funny.
How does non binary mike Meyers kill people? With a knife
my ex wife still misses me she realy needs to learn to move on
Why was it impossible for me to sell a copy of my autobiography? No one had written it yet.
Why did the insomniac stop counting sheep? Because he had a stroke and died.
What do you call a 3 humped camel? a 3 humped camel
What two words can be uttered that will simultaneously offend Catholics and gay people? Bob Huggins
The guy who invented autocorrect has died... His invention still works.
What do you call a heterosexual male? Whatever their name is.
More people die from cows every year than sharks That’s a fact, there’s no punchline
People were asked in a poll to name the worst Governor in America. Greg Abbott won.
If I had a nickel for every time a girl cheated on me I would have $0.10
What do you call cheese that isn't mine? Not my cheese
What do you call a homosexual male? Gay
priest and a rabbi check into a hotel they have gay butt sex until the break of dawn
Knock Knock Welcome, come on in.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Might be the original antijoke as far as I know.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? I'm not sure, but I think he looks a bit like Terrence.
I tried using ten puns to make a girl laugh on our first date but she said she hated puns and left.
When you rearrange the letters of “POSTMAN”, what does it become? TAMPONS
What did the corpse say to the doctor? Nothing.
What happens when you put avocado into Chinese food? You get Chinese guacamole.
Knock Knock. Welcome, come in.
Know what the plural of compass is? Compasses.
Why doesn't the Pope like Christian rock music? Because it fucking sucks.
In Soviet Russia… "U." came before "S.S.R."
Hey girl, do you know CPR? I'm about to die, please help.
A man and his dog walk into a bar... The man says " "Ow!!" and the dog yelps.
What did number 7 say to number 9? Nothing, numbers don't talk.
Apple a day kept the doctor away after I beat the shit out of the doctor with an apple everyday.
What starts with 'f' and ends with 'uck'? Fuck.
Why do so many posts get removed on Reddit? 
"Thanks for picking me up. Did you get ahold of my mom?" "Yes."
My father's last words before dying "I'm dying"
I hate myself 
Unfinished sentence can be so annoying, so I don’t leave them like that.
Unfinished sentences can be so 
What starts with F and ends with uck? "f and ends with uck"
what did the ghost say when pac man ate the power pellet? OH sheet!
(From my 4 year old) what do you call a horse riding a duck? A really strong duck.
There are 69 people in this sub online right now as of posting NVM, it's 67 now.
A blonde, a brunette and a red head are all on an airplane… … and the plane is going to St. Louis.
Why did the surf store go out of business? It was located in Wyoming.
What do Adolf and Elon have in common? They both have an “o” in their name.
Why did the Southern Baptist cross the road? To commit sexual abuse.
Why can't the hunter see the forest from the trees? Because he was mauled to death by a bobcat.
I filed for divorce the other day. We agreed to split custody. So I asked her which half?
An old man was sitting by the fire He was out all day and trying to keep warm
Why am I depressed? Life sucks, man.
Ever wondered why there are so many Chuck Norris jokes but no Bruce Lee jokes? So have I.
Two muffins were sitting in an oven. Complete dead fucking silence.
What killed the cat? My chainsaw
Why do black people love fried chicken? Because raw chicken tastes awful
What do gay horses eat? ass
what did the farmer say when he couldn't find his sheep? Where's my sheep?
Yo mama's so fat She needs to work out, seriously.
Yo mama's so fat. But we accept her anyway.
What's blue, white, and red all over? The American flag.
How did the Batman get rabies? He was bitten by an animal with rabies.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
What do you call a vampire with a flat tire? A tow truck
What do you get when you blend a cat and a dog? Hairy mush.
What’s a group of pandas? An embarrassment
What did the husband say when he saw his wife completely naked? “I hope you enjoy your shower.“
What’s the difference between a gay black man and a gay white man? Race

Edit: Skin color
To whoever stole my grandma's wheelchair... Please return it.
Why did the women's activist refuse to eat at Five Guys? Because it's too fucking expensive.
Elephants have really good memories so why don’t they count cards? Because they are elephants
What did the kid say to the other kid playing legos? I like Lego
Why was Bob unable to find his torch? Because he lost his torch.
Why doesn’t Abraham Lincoln support the modern BLM movement? Because he isn’t alive
What kind of drugs do ducks take? Whatever you put in the bread
I used to tell Dad jokes I don't anymore, he died.
Why won't Trump go to jail? He's too rich.
What couldn’t JFK rent a luxury car for his birthday Because he died
Why did the snake slither across the road? Cause it can't walk
This guy asked me if I fancied a bum. He was a doctor specialised in butt implants.
what do you call a cross between a rooster and a hen? a chicken
My friend asked what day yesterday was, my response: april fools!
What's the smallest part of a triangle? The corners
What is round? 
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels
what time do you go to the Dentist? Whatever time your appointment is at.
If April Showers bring May flowers, what do May Flowers bring? Pollen.
What did the dog say to the cat? Nothing, dogs don’t talk.
Happy 170th birthday, Vincent Van Gogh Holy shit you're old
How to instantly become Alpha Male Change your legal name to “Alpha Male”
What’s the difference between a car and a horse? The upholstery.
The chicken crossed the road. 
why am i posting now on this sub? because i’m bored
How do you get a one-armed clown out of a tree? Hit it in the face with an axe.
Told my boss I quit today Security walked me out
What did the starving African village do when all their crops failed? Why would I know?
I tell my co-workers I’m hard of hearing, that way they speak obnoxiously loud 
I don’t make jokes I just people uncomfortable
A grasshopper walks into a bar… And the bartender says “we need to hire an exterminator.”
What do you call a lawyer on vacation? A lawyer
Why did the man jump off the building? To end his life.
What did one Frenchman say to the other? Something in French.
Why couldn't the one-armed man drive a stick shift? Because he only had one fucking arm.
what do you call a building with 69420 floors? A really tall building
What does cheese say when it looks in the mirror? Nothing, cheese is not sentient.
Now I don’t know much 
Why did the chicken cross the road? I dont know im asking you
An Irishman walks into a bar 
What's the difference between a duck? One leg is both the same.
What did the lawyer say when his house caught on fire? My house is on fire!
Anti-joke from my daughter on the way to school this morning: What's 11 plus 11? Fish.
What did one lawyer say to another when they first met? "Hello."
What did the dog say to the cat? Nothing. Dogs can't talk.
A man walks in to a bar He says „This joke is slowly burned out!“
What did the mute say when he was constipated? Nothing.
What did Siri say when she couldn’t hear me? “I didn’t get that. Could you try again?”
A man walks into a bar He later walks out of the bar
A man walks into a bar… He ordered 1 beer
Why did the Pakistani go to the bank?  To deposit his Rupees.
Did you hear that the inventor of autocorrect died? Lies.
I'm an ironist, but my shirts are wrinkled. Get it?
Why was the movie The Silence of the Lambs so underwhelming? There wasn’t a single lamb.
Girls who still live with their mamas and papas... ...are even bigger girls than teenage girls.
What’s the difference between white people and black people? Why? Are you a racist?
What do eggplants, tomatoes and potatoes have in common? The genus.
What’s long, black and full of seaman? My dick painted black.
I’m not one to take political advice from, but I will say this this
What's the best way to pleasure a woman if you have a micropenis? Asking for a friend
yo mamma so fat She got type 2 diabetes
When does a joke become an anti joke? Now.
Your Momma so fat... ... she dead
What do you call a grain with a vitamin C deficiency? Sorghum
What ends in t and starts with w 
Hygiene Gene: Hello
What do you call an ambulance? An ambulance!
Why did the Llama fall out of the tree? Because it was dead
How is Donald Trump similar to Joe Biden? Both of them are either Donald Trump or Joe Biden.
I never use my phone before I go to sleep I'm an insomniac
What did the Chinese person say to the American? 你好。你是美国人吗？会说中文吗？
I like my coffee like I like my antijokes… Accurate, yet underwhelming.
I like my coffee black, Just like I like my pens
Every 60 seconds… …a new minute begins.
What do you call a male midwife? Midwife.
Why did the dog take a bath? Because it had fleas 

~A gem told by my 4yo sister
Why would a flash bang grenade be ineffective on Helen Keller? 
Did you hear the one about a 10 ft tall kimono importer? Me neither.
How do you find the vegan at a party? Say: “Hey!  Is anyone here vegan?”
Why doesn’t Michael Jackson drink coffee? Because he’s dead.
What turned the lightbulb on? A human finger switching a light switch.
If Jesus is the answer, how did I fail my drug test? 
A man walked into a bar Ouch
What did the bartender say to the man with the nice penis? “Nice penis.”
Ask me if I'm a banana Are you a banana?

No, why do you ask?
What’s red and bad for your teeth? A brick
What do you call a fish with no eyes? 
is there any place more depressing than an airport's smoking zone? No.
If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of professional? Amateur
did you hear about the chinese chicken murderer? He runs a very succesful restaurant in Beijing.
Why doesn't Darth Vader use the metric system? Because he's old and stuck in his ways.
why was the dogs head always cold Because his owner shaved it bald
I don't think women should have kids after 35 
Why did the tomato turn red? 
Y'know what really makes my stomach do a backflip? A backflip.
In comedy, you write what you know... 
What did the communist say to the other communist? We are both communists.
What pronouns does a chocolate bar use? It/ Its
What’s a vampire’s favorite dessert? Nothing. Vampires aren’t real.
Did you hear about the scarecrow that won an award? He got “Best Scarecrow”
Why did the chicken not cross the road this time? It's depressed.
Chuck Norris killed 100 men What is this 2007?
I've been waiting a day to post this this.
Why did the dog next door tell Brock to make it's owner pay for his sins? 
What animal has nine lives? None of them. Once a cat dies, it’s dead forever
What do you call a man who doesn’t know how to fold his laundry properly? Whatever his name is
What do you get if you cross a cow and an octopus? 
My friend is addicted to brake fluid He has recently died of kidney failure
If you turn the word "gullible" upside down then it looks like "alq!lln6"
If the van is a-rockin' the owner should be advised that it needs a new set of shocks and struts
Why wasn’t Thor’s printer working? Because he smashed it with his hammer!
What did the cheetah say to the dishonest lion? "Please tell me the truth."
What did Ryu say to Ken when Ken asked to borrow Ryu's car? Hadouken!
What do you call a swimming pool full of Indians, Pakistanis and Russians? 
If Ella Fitzgerald married Darth Vader, her name would be… Ella Fitzgerald-Vader.
Why does the smell of poop linger so long in a bathroom? Because it stinks.
My music teacher told me I had major problems… It was a tumor.
I used to be addicted to the Hokey Pokey But now I’m addicted to heroin.
What’s the difference between a $10 jacket and $1000 jacket? $990
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A blind fish.
I'm going to stop buying flowers for my wife... She never eats them anyways.
What did the farmer say to his wife? The bank is repossessing the farm.
What did Batman say to Robin before he got into the Batmobile? Get into the Batmobile, Robin.
I like my woman like I like my coffee… 
Decaf, 2 shots of espresso, 2 sugars and cream.
A man walks into a bar. 
The chicken crossed the road. 
What do you call a blind person in a wheelchair? Their name
If you're going out into the ocean and it starts to rain... you should probably bring a boat.
Sometimes a sentence is all you need for an anti joke. 
What did the wet fart say to the anal sphincter? You actually clicked thinking farts can talk?
Think of a number between 1 and 10. Thank you.
What does the Statue of Liberty stand for? She cannot sit down
Where was the Declaration of independence signed? At the bottom
Why is the Empire State building misleading people? It's not an Empire or a State.
“Hey doc, will I be able to play guitar when my hands heal?” “Yes.”

“Great!”
why doesn't Batman have a police badge ? Because he's not a fucking cop.
why was the guitar teacher arrested? He murdered all of his students execution style
How many bartenders does it take to fix a light? 2 and one bystander, true story.
What is the key to a healthy mind? I'm asking because I'm batshit fucking crazy.
What did the snowman say when he arrived in Chile? I just arrived in Chile.
A man walks into a pub, and requests a pint of Guinness 
A man walks into you and your moms bedroom He pulls out a glock tells you guys to lock and fuck
What's green and has wheals? Any species of frog having an allergic reaction
When can pigs fly? When they are on a plane.
What kind of pants does Mario wear Overalls
What's green and has wheels? A blue car. I lied about the color.
Why did the chicken cross the road? 
What’s black and sounds like orange? Blorange
Why do homeless people drink so much? Because they're homeless
Why can’t a blind man drive? Because it’s illegal.
What did Patrick Mahomes say before playing in Super Bowl 57? I am about to play in Super Bowl 57.
stop putting words in my mouth Paper doesn't taste good
A drunk, redhead and Irishman walks into a bar... "Hi,  I'm Patrick."
What's the difference between a duck and a sports car? Lots of things, actually.
I feel like I belong here… body text (optional)
A chicken crosses the road For no apparent reason
What did the pathological liar say he wanted for Christmas? His family not back.
So about voodoo dolls I need to use the bathroom brb
If you don't eat or drink something... The cops may accuse you of being a hard drugs user.
How is a sexy lady like a computer? They're both made out of atoms.
What did the mute man say when he stubbed his toe? 
If you don't eat or drink something... The cops may accuse you of being a hard drugs user.
Did you hear about the Italian chef that died? >!His family was devastated!<
What do you call a father of 4 that drinks too much alcohol An alcoholic
What’s yellow and something you shouldn’t drink? A school bus.
If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress? Regression.
A man walks into a bar And hits his head 



(He was seriously injured, please do not laugh)
it's barely 2023 and we're already shooting balloons out of the sky now. what the fuck y'all?
How can you kill a fly on the head of a bald man? With a flyswatter.
If you put Bruce Lee in the octagon with any MMA fighter today... 
Why was the man staring at the carton of orange juice? He’s a fucking moron.
Why did the chicken cross the road? You should have been watching him. Now we have no dinner.
What if life was a box of chocolates? You'd get diabetes.
Why did the shortest boy in class always fail his tests? Because he was fucking stupid
What did one Frenchman say to the other Frenchman? I don't know, I dont speak French
what did the farmer say when he lost his tractor where's my tractor
Dad I'm hungry Hi hungry, let me get you some food.
What does Ozzy Osborne say when he wants to get his wife’s, Sharon, attention? “Sharon!”
I’m on a seafood diet. I like seafood.
Yeah but why do they have to call it White noise? because it goes ckrrrrrrrhhhhhxxxx
Dad, I'm hungry My fathers Alzheimer has gotten so bad, he dosen't remember me
I’m not funny Lol not funny
[AU/UK joke] What town uses VPNs the most? Ipswich
What did the bald man say to the other bald man? Neither of us have any hair on our heads.
What in the fuck are you looking at? Your phone
Why did the chicken cross the road? I don’t know, a car hit it before it could make it
"I'll be back." "Don't let the door hit your ass on the way out."
Why did my dog go to the bathroom? because I put laxatives in his treats.
Why does John Cena say, "You can't see me"? Because he has a restraining order against me.
What is the best way to steal an old man’s car? I don’t know, open to any advice
Roast battle w/TC #1 show in vegas Django Jenkins vs Chrishaha
https://youtu.be/E4T_YxrtuBk
I would never normally drink and drive home I usually do the drinking before I drive home
Why did Santa's elves go on strike? Decades of chronic underfunding of public services
Why did the boy throw his clock out the window? He suffers untreated paranoid schizophrenia.
How do you fix a broken jack-o'-lantern? Just throw it out, Halloween was last year!
Why did the photographer drop his camera? He's clumsy and dumb.
Me at the checkout: I don't see a price tag on this, Do I need to pay extra to find that out?
Knock knock Your doorbell is broken.
Here’s the thing with airline food. They don’t serve them anymore.
What’s the best joke in the world? That wasn’t a rhetorical question.
How do you call this aerodynamic device, usually mounted to the back of the car? 
If someone killed me, I wouldn't blame them. Because I won't be existing any more.
i bought Frank Ocean's golden cock ring Too small for me sadly
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A defective boomerang.
I hired a consulting firm to write me jokes. It’s really expensive and I’m in financial ruin.
Here’s a thought. 
Q:What is Big Birds favorite ride in Six Flags Theme Park? A: not sure
How do you say chandelier in Chinese? ["SHAN" + "duh" + "LEER"] +  ["IN"] +  ["CHAI" + "NEEZ"]
There are 02 types of people Those, who understand trinary and those, who don't
Why are men afraid of tape measures? They aren’t.
What do you call an asian drill seargent? Sir
What's a sand witch's favourite handheld food? A sandwich.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because he‘s heptaphobic.
What do you do if your nose goes on strike? Nothing - that is a nonsensical concept...
Why did little Suzy fall off the swing? She had no arms or legs.
What do you call teacher who is also a mafia leader? A strange and unusual occurrence.
What did one astronaut say to the other? I don't know, but my girlfriend left me.
I think Britain... ...is a place for little old grannies.
Want to know what my fucking problem is? 5(- 3 x - 2) - (x - 3) = -4(4x + 5) + 13
Knock Knock It's the police open up!
What did the lawyer say to the other lawyer? ”We are both lawyers.”
Why shouldn't you shower in the dark? Because it would be difficult to see what you're doing.
I fell down the stairs today It hurted really bad and I think I have a concussion.
The current temperature in Windhoek is now 79... ...and it is definitely *not* The Matrix...
If you suffer from paranoia, dont worry You're not alone
Why did the pool player get upset? He potted the 8-ball too early.
Where did Timmy go when the bomb went off? Everywhere
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor? Where’s my tractor?
I almost jaywalked today, but I decided to wait for the light to change.. Then I farted.
If Elon Musk marries Bill Gates’ daughter, and takes up her last name… Let that sink in
Only cowards put on disguises. 
Why didn’t the skeleton go to the party Cause he couldn’t be arsed
What do LGBTQ+ zombies eat? Brains.
Opinions are like assholes. They're 8-letter plural nouns beginning with a vowel.
A Real Dad Joke Why was the computer cold?

Because it left its Windows open!
What should you watch out for on Friday the 13th? The normal daily hazards.
Don’t look now! Do you like seaweed?

See, weed. 🤌🏼
Many things in life are funny. Just not you.
What’s the worst type of joke? One without a punchline.
Why did the triceratops go to the doctor? He didn’t, dinosaurs are dead
Child: Dad, I’m hungry! Dad: Okay, I’ll make you something to eat.
Why was the bald chef late to work? Because he shit himself.
Mario ate a fire flower one day He burst into flames

RIP mario
Why do girls reject me all the time? 
Why did the chicken cross the road? I’m not sure
Why can't Michael Jackson play chess? Because he's dead
We can do this the easy way... [does it the easy way]
Why didn’t the chicken cross the road? Exactly.
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because **7 > 6**.
How do you kill Superman without kryptonite? Write a story about killing him with different means.
How do you write an anti-joke? Like this.
An englishman, a scotsman and an irishman walk into a pub. A brawl ensues.
Hey, is your refrigerator running? Ok good
why can't Superman defeat me? because he is just a fictional character
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl when it's emptying it's bladder? Because pterodactyls are extinct
When is a door not a door? Never. If it's a door, it's always a door.
What did the tree say to the flower? Nothing, plants don’t talk.
Did you know… You can’t spell any word without the letters ‘abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxy or z.’
What's a surefire way to tell if a woman is bisexual? If she tells you she's bisexual
Steve is really fond of chips or at least his mom says so
Why is the 6 afraid of 7? They aren't, they're just numbers.
When birds fly in a V shape why is one side longer than the other? There’s more birds on that side
I like my women like I like my coff... cofff....I can't finish the joke I'm choking
You won't believe what I saw the smoking hot blonde do at the gym yesterday! She was smoking.
Why did the old man fall into a well?   
Because he couldn’t see that good
If I had a dollar… I’d have a dollar.
Why did yhe little girl fell from the swing? She has no arms.
I eat ass 
I ran out of funny jokes for r/dadjokes So I decided to post on here instead
The dog is going to a roller coaster Worker: How tall are you?
Dog: Woof
A perfect man is seen tripping...but he is not actually tripping.. He's just hopping into his car.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? jw
I haven’t taken a bath in years. I just take showers.
Why couldn't my bicycle move? I don't even have a fucking bicycle
Two guys walk into a sauna One says to the other “man, it’s like a sauna in here”
have you ever dreamed of being poor? It's a mystery question.
Pelé, Barbara Walters, and the Pope walk into a bar. Jk they can’t walk because they’re dead.
What did Hitler say before his men got into their tanks? Get into your tanks men.
Why flamingos stand on one leg? Because if they lifted the other, they'd fall
A man walks into a bar... "Can I have a beer?" He asks.

Bar man says "yes"
A man crashed his car It hurt.
Why did Elvis not eat the sushi roll on Halloween? Because he's dead
What kind of fishes don’t swim? Dead ones
Yo mamma's so fat but that's what I'm into, and that's why I married her.
I'm so different Just like everyone else
A girl told me to come over because nobody was home I got there, and nobody was home
I’m not like the other kids I’m an adult
why do my jokes never get any laughs Cuz they're bad, I guess
What side of a chicken has the most feathers? The outside.
What do you call a person constantly crying for help? Asking for a friend...........wait...
A girl asked me if I wanted to see her pussy. Then she showed me a cat. 
Knock knock … who’s there? … Doorbell repairman …. Oh good, please come in. 
I’m not like other dads… I’m a 19 yo woman with no kids
I'm not like other girls. I'm a guy. 
When you don't laugh, it's scary.
I don't care about zodiac signs 
Do you want to hear my favorite knock knock joke? Okay,  you start.
Why are white people better than black or Asian people? They aren’t
Why do they call it a Merry Christmas? Because it’s the most wonderful time of the year.
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he's got, like, a lot of stuff in it.
Why wouldn't santa ride his sleigh? For health and safety concerns.
Three rabbits are sitting on a log They’re just hanging out, minding their own business.
How are yo momma and a flat screen TV the same? They both have amazing breasts, except the TV.
90% in the cyberspace are jokers. whats with the 10%?
Chuck Norris’ parachute did not open after his jump He fell to his death.
Why did the chicken cross the road? We'll never know cause it got ran over.
Do you pronounce whilst like will- or like while- -st? I pronounce it “whilst.”
An elephant walks into a bar. The bar closes for repairs.
Why do Southerners have so much trouble driving on icy roads? Because they can't stop their cars.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "what can I get ya?"

The horse says, "neighhhhh"
Knock knock Who’s there?

Jeff. 

Jeff who? 

Jeff Goldblum.
Why does Jesus have trouble masturbating? Because he's dead.
what do you call a kid with no legs disabled
Yo momma so fat That she is at risk for type 2 diabetes and needs professional help asap
Chuck Norris got exposed to COVID-19 He is now in quarantine until he tests negative
How many libertarians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two
Sneed's Feed and Seed formerly Rutherford's
What’s the difference between a joke and an antijoke? Anti
How do you know someone's a vegan? Ask them, "Are you a vegan?"
Is this joke funny I don't know
Why does Santa have 3 gardens? Crop rotation
what do you call a fish with no eyes? Blind
What doesn't kill you makes you suffer and wish that it hadn't failed to kill you.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because I was blasting it with my projectile diarrhea.
Be there, or be... idk, somewhere else
what do you call someone who can’t do basic math? dumb
why do dogs float because they don't sink
Why does the Little Mermaid wear seashells? To cover her tits.
What’s the difference between a joke and an anti joke Joke - Anti joke = What’s
What do you tell a man who just lost his job and had his family die in a car accident? Suffer.
My therapist asked me how I felt about camping after a vivid experience. I said I didn’t like it.
Is buttcheeks one word? Or is it two words?
What do you call a kid with a black mom and a white dad? Donovan
When is a joke not a joke? Never. That would be a logical contradiction.
What's so special about January 7, 2023? Apparently, it's Christmas...for the Russian Orthodoxy...
Click here Read this.
What happened to the pirate with a parrot on his shoulder? Shit
What do you call a pig that does karate. No pig does karate
I don't like stairs. I am taking an elevator to avoid it
Why does Kanye West like going to Disneyland? I don’t know.🤷🏽‍♂️
What do you call a Firefighter that loves setting buildings on fire? An arsonist.
Why do Cowboys all have same size balls? 



So they can pull each other's trailers....
In Africa every sixty seconds… A minute pass
A necrophiliac walks into a bar He kills the bartender and fucks him.
What did Batman say before he got in his car? Nothing. It was night time and he was alone.
Why did kanye west cross the road? Doesn't matter why, he is antisemitic
how many jokes do you need to change a lightbulb? Yes.
What did Gilgamesh always say before starting a journey? 'Let's not forget our way back!'
Three men walks into a bar and got fucking drunk.
What's the worst thing you can put on a pizza? Mad cow disease infested meat.
Two Trump supporters walk into a gay bar They meet with their friends and have a great time
Why is procrastination not going to work? Because you're just wasting time
Three autistic guys walk into a bar The ambulance was quick, at least.
Ever notice how the shape of Siberia...looks a bit like the shape of Africa? 
An Islamic man walks into a casino He walks back out. Gambling is Haram.
I want to sleep with my mom said the 4 year old who just had a terrible nightmare.
A man walks into a bar He is disqualified from the high jump and scores 0 points.
A bar walks into a bear. Wait it’s the other way around.
What did the hungry missile say? When is lunch at?
Why aren't there bingo nights at the USSR? Because it doesn't exist anymore, stupid
A detective walks into an occupied bathroom He says “my mistake”, and leaves.
Oh knock knock knock 
"Knock, knock!" "Go away, Randy.  I know it's you."
What starts with f and ends in uck? No it doesn’t
What do you call a fish with no eyes? 
What do you call a chicken with its head cut off? Whatever its name was before you cut its head off
Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He killed himself.
Ask me if I am a tree. 
A pirate walks into a bar… ARRRRR
If you build it... It will have been built.
On a scale from 0 to 10 I can't weigh myself
What did number 7 say to number 9? Nothing, numbers don't talk.
What did the giraffe say to the other giraffe? I don’t know. I don’t speak Giraffe.
Knock knock... Knock knock

Who's there?

I eat me omp 

I eat me omp who?
My son got a pet termite and named him Clint. Clint the Termite
There is a reason I didn't wish my dad a happy birthday. It's because it wasn't his birthday
Yo mama so fat she’s probably on a diet as we speak
A group of blondes walks into a bar and you just assumed their gender.
what do you call a priest who always lies? (Generic preisty name here) ⛪👘✝️🙏
A man walks into a bar He orders a drink, drinks it, and then leaves.
Why did the kid want to become a dinosaur? Because they are dead.
Why didn’t the lizard climb onto the rock when the sun came up? Because it got ate by a bird
What’s a polar bears favorite type of Mexican food? Margaritas
Ice, ice baby. I said I want ice, babe. Soda tastes bad when its warm.
What did Weird Al say to Madonna? "Hey, can I parody Like A Virgin?"
Knock knock. Who’s there? Jeffrey Oh hey man, come on in
Here’s a thought 
What’s Grandma say to Tom Cruise? Sure are sweet & normal.
What do you call a potato that's been baked? A baked potato.
One day God pondered if He existed or not… 
My mom’s sister was frustrated with me teasing her. “Aunt, I joke.”
How do you get a cat out a tree fast? Cut the tree down.
Sticks and stones may break my bones And the list goes on
A man falls into a spike trap and says nothing, because he died instantly.
3 friends walk into a bar Bart dies
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? It died.
What do you call mac and cheese without the cheese? mac
For sale: baby shoes. 
what begins with What begins with the letter A, and ends in ntiJokes?
What word starts with A and ends with A but only has one letter in it? A
What's even easier than stealing candy from a baby? Giving candy to a baby
A laser beam went through a bar. It's believed to be responsible for quite a bit of damage.
Freedom is just another word 
This. This right here.
So get this, I've heard the greatest Knock Knock Joke You just have to start.
A horse walks into a bar. OW! WHO PUT THIS FUCKING BAR IN HERE!!
Why did the girl forget her bikini? (Punchline is not what you think)  Not what you think
What is brown and sticky? Wood glue
What’s blue and not very heavy? A blueberry
Where do the crawdad’s sing? In the water.
What did the little gang member kid got for his birthday? My bike!
What is white, sticky, and guys can use to make things? Glue
Why didn’t the tree cross the road? Because trees don’t have legs.
I am no longer a complete idiot. Rest in Piece, Cynthia, love.
What do an apple and an orange have in common? … neither of them can drive a tractor.
Why did the cook go to jail? Bestiality.
What did the farmer say when he couldn’t find his tractor? “Where’s my tractor?”
Why can’t you tune a fish. Because it’s not a musical instrument.
Why can’t you tune a fist? Youch, buddy, that’s MY ASS!
What did one lawyer say to the other lawyer?  "We're both lawyers."
Here is the punchline So what did you expect to read in this line?
When is a door, not closed or open, but a jar? When it's a jar.
What do you call a jokes about Antique stuff? AntiqueJokes
Whats brown and sticky? Shit
what is gay people favorite thing to drink? Cum
What do you get if you cross a river with a canoe? Across.
A group of Mexicans were in the back of a car.. They were carpooling to work to save on gas.
Why do you bake cookies and cook bakies? Bakies don't exist.
Where do ducks go on Saturday nights? To sleep
My mom is so hot She's running a fever of 102°   :(
Yo momma’s so fat she may have atherosclerosis
I once went on a date with a girl who didn't swallow She had to have permanent medical attention.
A cat walks into a bar. 
What did farmer say when he saw his wife standing on the roof? Get off
What did the circle say to the square? Nothing. Shapes can’t talk, idiot.
why couldnt the farmer call people on his phone? the verizon guy forgot to put in a sim card
What did the trouser thief do? Fence the pants.
