V V

*Edit: seems like the ctrl key on my keyboard is not working


The 2016 US Presidential Election That's it. That's the entire fucking joke. 

Did you hear about the Doctor on the United Flight? [removed]
What is a Karen called in Europe? An American.
What is the most expensive video-streaming service at this time? College
Why was the anti-vaxxer‘s 4 year old child crying? Midlife crisis
The funniest /r/jokes has ever been 
For anyone attending Stan Lee's funeral... Make sure you stay after the ceremony is finished.
I hope Elon Musk never gets involved in a scandal Elongate would be really drawn out.
Imagine if Americans switched from pounds to kilograms overnight... There would be mass confusion.
R Kelly is really changing the rap game 



He takes the art out of rap artist
Trump tests positive for COVID-19. He finally passed a test without cheating, good for him.
My girlfriend is like the square root of -100. A solid 10, but also imaginary.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI
What's the difference between the US Capitol and Mordor? One does not simply walk into Mordor
All countries eventually got coronavirus But China got it right off the bat.
My favourite sex position is called "WOW" ... It's where I flip your MOM over
Why is EA the worst gaming company in America? Because Ubisoft is in France﻿.
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar You can't tell me that's just a coincidence .
Trump should not have said "shit-hole countries". The correct term is "turd-world countries".
If you rearrange the letters of POSTMEN... They become VERY ANGRY.
I’ve developed a fetish for figuring things out. I just came to that realization.
How do you lure a pervert? (NSFW) Just add the NSFW tag.
If it weren't for Arabs, we would never have 9/11  

Instead it would be IX / XI
Why is every gender equality officer female? Because it is cheaper.
Is your refrigerator running? If so, I may vote for it.
Donald J. Trump has been impeached Finally, something he's earned
“Hey Dad, have you seen my sunglasses?” “No son, have you seen my dad glasses?”
They're going to have to change the name of the U.S Virgin Islands They're about to get fucked 
Why will congress never impeach Trump? Republicans always insist on carrying a baby to full term.
Have you seen r/tifu recently. They’re fucking nuts. 


Dads are like boomerangs. I hope.
what's the fastest way to get banned from r/conservative? source?
Breaking: Donald Trump has just won another state. Denial.
The vagina has more than 8000 nerve endings But it’s still not nearly as sensitive as Reddit.






My wife left me because I'm too insecure. No wait, she's back.

She just went to make a cup of tea.
Trump still has a chance at 270 All he has to do is lose 50lbs.
Iamonthemoonandthereisnowheretogetabeer. Thereisnospacebar.
What's the difference between EA and my uncle? My uncle didn't take my money when he fucked me.
Donald Trump was asked what the J in Donald J Trump stood for He said 'Genius'
How do you milk sheep? Bring out a new iPhone and charge $1000 for it.
I refused to believe I was gay and dyslexic..... I was in Daniel.
I found a place where the recycling rate is 98% /r/Jokes
I can't remember how to write 1, 1000, 51, 6 and 500 in Roman numerals I M LIVID
99.9% of people are idiots. Fortunately, I belong to the 1% of intelligent people
Pun enters a room, kills 10 people Pun in, 10 dead
What Asian stereo type do you hear the most? Personally I've got a Sony surround sound system.
Cardi B and Bill Cosby walk into a bar... I don’t remember the rest.
How do you turn a pussy into an asshole? Give it a badge and a gun
Hey girl, are you a cop? ... because you’ve taken my breath away.
America seems to have successfully prevented a second wave of corona By keeping the first one going
If you rearrange the letters of MAILMEN you get them VERY ANGRY
PETA is like a box of chocolates They kill dogs
Why are there two “d”s in “Reddit”? The second one’s a repost.
What’s the difference between a politician and a flying pig? The letter F.
We should've known communism would fail. There were a lot of red flags.
A joke my 8-year old made up: What do you call a chicken that's afraid of the dark? A chicken.
6 yr old son made this up. What do exploding pandas eat? BAMBOOM!
My wife left me because I’m insecure and paranoid. Edit: Nevermind. She was just getting the mail.
Why are people complaining,what EA did was great! I mean, you've got to give them credit.
Without the Arabs we wouldn’t have 9/11. We would have IX/XI instead
Why won't the Republicans impeach Trump? Because they insist on carrying a baby to full term
Wife: “I’m pregnant.” Me: “Hi Pregnant, I’m Dad.”

Wife: “No you’re not.”
The clitoris has nearly 8000 nerve endings. And it’s still not nearly as sensitive as Reddit.
Yesterday, I changed a light bulb, crossed the street, and walked into a bar. My life is a joke.
I never understood school shooting jokes I guess they're aimed at a younger audience...
I called two girls hipsters and got slapped. Apparently the correct term is "conjoined twins".
The Only Thing Flat-Earthers Fear..... Is Sphere Itself.  
What do you call a stolen Tesla? An Edison.
Do you know how to avoid clickbait? Obviously not
Do all black people have a problem with slavery ? Or just mine ?
As a child, I always thought of my dad as a superhero The Invisible Man
Why didn't 4 ask out 5 Because he was 2².
I finally got someone to be my valentine! I wish I could post this in any other sub.
My wife left me because I am insecure No wait, she's back. She just went to get coffee
My girlfriend broke up with me so I took her wheelchair Guess who came crawling back
If Trump really wanted Hillary to be locked up... He should have hired her!
How do you break up two blind guys fighting? Yell, "My money's on the guy with the knife!" 
My wife left me because I am insecure No wait, she's back.
She just went to get coffee.
I wish I could be ugly for one day. Being ugly every day sucks.
Only anti-vaxxers will get this Measles
Yesterday I spotted an albino dalmatian. It was the least I could do for the guy.
Dude 1: Hey, bro? Dude 2: Yeah bro?
Dude 1: Can you pass me that pamphlet?
Dude 2: Brochure
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number. I told her we use names here.
What did Charizard say when he saw Pikachu Charizard

Edit: I’m dumb, he would just roar
What sort of grades did Tommy Wiseau receive in school? Oh, high marks.
How do you grab the attention of a pervert? An NSFW tag
I like my reddit posts the same way I like my boyfriend's pants \[removed\]
My penis is like Joe Biden. Slightly left-leaning, and nobody's first choice.
If I got $1 every time a woman said I was't her type I'd be her type.
People say smoking will give you diseases. What they don't know is that it cures salmon.
New Teslas don't come with a new car smell They come with an Elon Musk.
To the hacker who hacked into my reddit account, I will find you. (Edit: no, you won’t)
I like my coffee how I like my slaves... Free
Communism jokes are not funny Unless everyone gets them
Someone broke into my house and stole 20% of my couch 













Ouch
What do you call it when two transgender midgets have sex? Micro trans-action
Why do police get to protests early? To beat the crowd.
If A is for Apple and B is for Banana, what is C for? Plastic explosives.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father in law
How do you get Trump to change a lightbulb? Tell him Obama put it in
My girlfriend broke up with me for being too “un-American” I saw it coming from a kilometre away
Ellen Pao's career 
Why do reddit users hate facebook? Because you need to have friends to be on facebook.
Only anti-vaxxers will get this... Measles
What did Sparticus do to the cannibal who ate his nagging wife? Nothing, he's gladiator.
A lion would never drive while drunk. But a tiger wood.
I’m done being a people pleaser If everyone’s ok with that
Your mom is so fat she starts the alphabet with the letter "O"... O B C D...
What has 6 balls and fucks all the poor people? The lottery.
How many Democrats does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They only *talk* about change.
A guy named Bart walks into a bar, he immediately gets shot and dies. Who killed him? The Bartender
How do you get 100 drunk and rowdy Canadians out of a pool? You say "Please get out of the pool."
What's the difference between a politician and a flying pig. 
The F
Today a girl kissed me I wish I could post it in another subreddit
Cashier: Scans Condoms “Do you need a bag sir?”

Me: Jesus, she’s not that ugly
A father in Iraq gifted his daughter a new bag. The girl replied, "Thanks for the Baghdad"
I saw 2 men in matching outfits I asked them if they were gay They arrested me
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs? None, reports say he fell
What's the difference between EA and North Korea? North Korea didn't fuck up as many launches as EA
My mother used to tuck me in every night She always wanted a girl :(
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl pee? Because they're dead
How many Alzheimer’s patients does it take in to screw in a lightbulb? To get to the other side
How do you get Donald Trump to change a lightbulb? You tell him Barack Obama installed it.
What did Kim Jong-Un say yesterday before he died? My Korea is over
I accidently sprayed deodorant in my mouth today Now when I talk I have this weird axe scent
What's the Presidential ventilator called? Forced Air One
What borders on stupidity? Canada and Mexico.
Why is the white guy the scariest guy in prison? Cause you know he is actually guilty.
Girl: Come over Guy: I'm coming over

Girl: We should stop using Walkie-Talkies in bed over
Damn girl, are you a piñata? Cause imma need a blindfold to hit that.
What's it called when a King and Queen have no children? A receding heir line...
What's the difference between humans and a bullet? Humans miss John Lennon
What's it called when a chameleon can't change its colors anymore? A reptile dysfunction.
The three unwritten rules of life 1.

2.

3.
Why do North Koreans draw lines so well? They have a Supreme Ruler.
Did you know that Stephen King has a son named Joe? I'm not joking, but he is
We cannot allow this year to end That would be admitting that 2021
Damn girl are you a newspaper? Because there's a new issue with you every fucking day
A storm blew away 25% of my roof last night. Oof
It’s very rare that a defibrillator fails. But when it happens no one is shocked.
I was blessed with a 9 inch penis. That priest is in prison now.
The only thing Flat-Earthers fear Is sphere itself. 
How many introverts does it take to change a lightbulb? Why does it have to be a group activity?
Weinstein didn’t kill himself Sorry just practicing
Jared from Subway ended his career the same way he began it Trying to get into smaller pants
eBay is so useless I tried to look up lighters and all they had was 18,061 matches
If someone calls you Fat, just ignore them. You are bigger than that!
Why haven't Aliens visited our Solar System yet? ... They looked at the reviews...
Only 1 star.
What do you get if you cross a pirate and a paedophile? Arrr Kelly!


Give a man a gun and he'll rob a bank, Give a man a bank and he'll rob the world.
I can count on one hand how many times I have been to Chernobyl. It's 14.
If I'm ever on life support, unplug me...  Then plug me back in, see if that works. 
The new sex position is called Brexit: It's when you promise to pull out but you don't:
What I if told you You read the title wrong
I didn’t know what to wear to my premature ejaculation support group So I just came in my pants.
r/Jokes Has 19 Million subscribers! It's amazing what 7 jokes can do
Got my girlfriend a "get better soon" card She isn't sick, I just think she can get better
How does a Flat Earther travel the world? on a plane
What's the most sensitive part of a man's body during masturbation? His ears.
If your phone auto corrects "fuck" to "duck," it's okay to keep it It's still fowl language
I like my women like I like my coffee I've never had coffee but it smells really nice
Statistics show that the average person has sex 89 times a year Today's going to be great!
I’m okay with smoking, alcohol, and marijuana. But cocaine is where I draw the line.
Yo mama so ugly... Her blowjob counts as anal.
My 8 year old son's joke: What do you call an ox with big butt? Buttocks
Maybe if we all emailed the Constitution to each other… …the NSA will finally read it.
I threw my girlfriend a surprise bukakke party. Everyone came, you should have seen her face. 
What do you call a flower getting a sex change? A Transplant

Edit: Thank you for the gold!
Why did Karen press Ctrl+Alt+Delete? She wanted to see the task manager.
Nobody ever asks how Coca-Cola is doing... It's always, "Is Pepsi okay?"
Smoking will kill you. Bacon will kill you. Smoking bacon will cure it.
What has 27 actors, three settings, two writers, and one plot? 671 Hallmark movies.
Why was Yoda afraid of 7? Because 6, 7 8.
I've often heard that "icy" is the easiest word to spell Looking at it now, I see why
6:30 is the best time on a clock hands down
Dads of Reddit: Happy Father's Day... YOU MOTHER FUCKERS
My wife handed me two kayak paddles and asked, "Which one do you want?" I said I'd take either/oar.
Ben Shapiro dies in a plane crash. Wanna know why it crashes? LEFT WING DESTROYED
What do you call it when two transgender midgets have sex? Micro trans-action
My roommate says our house is haunted I've been living here for 300 years and i havnt noticed shit.
